Simplify and refactor the GlassFish upgrade guide (#25680)
eclipse-ee4j/glassfish: docs/upgrade-guide/src/main/asciidoc/upgrading-legacy-installation.adoc

[[correcting-potential-upgrade-problems]]

[[correcting-cluster-config]]
==== Correcting Cluster configuration
{productName} {product-majorVersion} does not support node agents. If you're upgrading from a version that supports them or you have issues in cluster configuration after an upgrade, after upgrading the DAS:

1. **Install {productName} {product-majorVersion} on each node host**.
2. **Correct node configurations** using `update-node-config` or `update-node-ssh`.
3. **Re-create clusters and instances**:
   - Use `create-local-instance` for each instance.
   - Copy the `imq` directory from the old installation.

[[upgrading-installations-that-use-nss-cryptographic-tokens]]
==== Upgrading Installations Using NSS Cryptographic Tokens
{productName} {product-majorVersion} does not support NSS. If you're upgrading from a version that supports them, follow these steps:

1. **Prepare for Upgrade**:
   - Install {productName} {product-majorVersion} in a new directory.
   - Copy the source domain to the new installation.

>    - Update `domain.xml` to remove NSS references and add JKS keystore paths.

Author: I think GlassFish 7.1 still supports JKS but uses P12 by default. Is that right, @dmatej ?

If yes, then I'll change this to "JKS or PKCS#12 keystore paths". If only `PKCS#12` is now supported, I'd add instructions to migrate to `PKCS#12`.

>    - Update `domain.xml` to remove NSS references and add JKS keystore paths.

Reviewer: However the certutil was deleted, it did not work properly, if I remember well, and the NSS is not supported any more. At some point in the past it was considered as a commercial variant from Netscape, then JCEKS, but evolution went different way.
Over time changed order of arguments, their names, etc.

>    - Update `domain.xml` to remove NSS references and add JKS keystore paths.

Reviewer: It would be good to download ie. GlassFish2 or 3 and try to follow instructions. Then update them. I would not rewrite them without testing.

>    - Update `domain.xml` to remove NSS references and add JKS keystore paths.

Reviewer: Upgrade from 7.0 to 7.1 could be useful too.

>    - Update `domain.xml` to remove NSS references and add JKS keystore paths.

Author: What about removing this section about NSS altogether? If it's applicable only to ancient GlassFish versions, we don't need to keep it. I would certainly not bother with testing an upgrade from GF 2 or 3.

2. **Perform Post-Upgrade Configuration**:

>    - Migrate NSS keys to JKS using `keytool` and `certutil`.

Author: I'll change to:

```suggestion
   - Migrate NSS keys to PKCS#12 using `keytool` and `certutil`.
```
